Psalm 77 to the chief musician - did you
Psalm 77 to the chief musician - did you theme a psalm of Asaph I cried out to
theme a psalm of Asaph I cried out to
theme a psalm of Asaph I cried out to God with my voice to God with my voice
God with my voice to God with my voice
God with my voice to God with my voice and he gave ear to me
and he gave ear to me
and he gave ear to me in the day of my trouble I sought the
in the day of my trouble I sought the
in the day of my trouble I sought the Lord my hand was stretched out in the
Lord my hand was stretched out in the
Lord my hand was stretched out in the night without ceasing my soul refused to
night without ceasing my soul refused to
night without ceasing my soul refused to be comforted
be comforted
be comforted I remembered God and was troubled I
I remembered God and was troubled I
I remembered God and was troubled I complained and my spirit was overwhelmed
complained and my spirit was overwhelmed
complained and my spirit was overwhelmed you hold my eyelids open I am so
you hold my eyelids open I am so
you hold my eyelids open I am so troubled that I cannot speak I have
troubled that I cannot speak I have
troubled that I cannot speak I have considered the days of old the years of
considered the days of old the years of
considered the days of old the years of ancient times I call to remembrance my
ancient times I call to remembrance my
ancient times I call to remembrance my song in the night I meditate within my
song in the night I meditate within my
song in the night I meditate within my heart and my spirit makes diligent
heart and my spirit makes diligent
heart and my spirit makes diligent search will the Lord cast off forever
search will the Lord cast off forever
search will the Lord cast off forever and will he be favourable no more as his
and will he be favourable no more as his
and will he be favourable no more as his mercy ceased forever as his promise
mercy ceased forever as his promise
mercy ceased forever as his promise failed for evermore has God forgotten to
failed for evermore has God forgotten to
failed for evermore has God forgotten to be gracious as he in anger shut up his
be gracious as he in anger shut up his
be gracious as he in anger shut up his tender mercies and I said
tender mercies and I said
tender mercies and I said this is my anguish but I will remember
this is my anguish but I will remember
this is my anguish but I will remember the years of the right hand of the Most
the years of the right hand of the Most
the years of the right hand of the Most High I will remember the works of the
High I will remember the works of the
High I will remember the works of the Lord surely I will remember your wonders
Lord surely I will remember your wonders
Lord surely I will remember your wonders of old I will also meditate on all your
of old I will also meditate on all your
of old I will also meditate on all your work and talk of your deeds your way O
work and talk of your deeds your way O
work and talk of your deeds your way O God is in the sanctuary who is so great
God is in the sanctuary who is so great
God is in the sanctuary who is so great at God as our God you are the God who
at God as our God you are the God who
at God as our God you are the God who does wonders you have declared your
does wonders you have declared your
does wonders you have declared your strength among the peoples you have with
strength among the peoples you have with
strength among the peoples you have with your arm redeemed your people the sons
your arm redeemed your people the sons
your arm redeemed your people the sons of Jacob and Joseph the water is saw you
of Jacob and Joseph the water is saw you
of Jacob and Joseph the water is saw you O God the waters saw you they were
O God the waters saw you they were
O God the waters saw you they were afraid the depths also trembled the
afraid the depths also trembled the
afraid the depths also trembled the clouds poured out water the skies sent
clouds poured out water the skies sent
clouds poured out water the skies sent out a sound your arrows also flashed
out a sound your arrows also flashed
out a sound your arrows also flashed about the voice of your Thunder was in
about the voice of your Thunder was in
about the voice of your Thunder was in the world wind the lightnings lit up the
the world wind the lightnings lit up the
the world wind the lightnings lit up the world the earth trembled and shook your
world the earth trembled and shook your
world the earth trembled and shook your way was in the sea your path in the
way was in the sea your path in the
way was in the sea your path in the Great Waters and your footsteps were not
Great Waters and your footsteps were not
Great Waters and your footsteps were not known
known
known you led your people like a flock by the
you led your people like a flock by the
you led your people like a flock by the hand of Moses and Aaron